Mr. Hawkins? It's Hal.
Remember, a few weeks ago,
in the break room,
when someone left the tinfoil
on their burrito
and the microwave caught fire
and the sprinklers went off
and shorted out
all the computers
and we lost all our database
for the last five years?
Yeah, well, I just thought
you might like to know
who the "slack-jawed
idiot" was.
Dad, Dad, you need
four apples, not three!
You only won
another lottery ticket!
It was Phil
in Accounting.
He feels just
awful about it,
and I wouldn't be
too hard on him.
His wife is a bit
of a drinker,
and she's not
particularly faithful...
♪ Yes, no, maybe ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Can you repeat the question? ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big... ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ Life is unfair ♪
I'm starving.
I hope Mom has
something decent
for dinner.
I saw her pulling baloney stew
out of the freezer last night.
Don't worry. I stuck a bloody
Band-Aid in it before we left.
Holy crap.
Look at that!
Cool! A diving board!
Oh, my God! This is
the greatest thing ever.
And someone just dumped it
here for us to find.
We've got to take it home!
What are we gonna
do with it?
I don't know. But... look at it!
It's... it's got the...
and it's... up and...
and bounce and... and bounce!
He's right. We need it.
One, two, three... go!
One, two, three, go!
Oh, Jamie, this is ridiculous!
You'll eat dead bugs out of
the zapper, for God's sake.
Why won't you eat your peas?
You love peas.
Come on.
This is name-brand stuff.
It's three times the price
of the food I eat!
If you want to breathe,
you have to open your mouth.
Ah. See? There's
no reason for...
[spitting]
Now you're just going to have
to eat some eyebrow, too.
Hi, honey.
Didn't you have the same fight
with him at breakfast?
This isthe same
fight as breakfast.
It's the same jar of peas,
and it's the same
stubborn little boy
who is not gonna
get his own way.
That baby thinks
he's gonna break me,
but he doesn't know
who he's dealing with.
Hal, I'm not about
to lose it with a...
God. How does
he do that?
[loud crash]
One, two, three... go.
[straining]
Please,
we have to stop.
I have to empty the blood
out of my shoes again.
One last time.
One, two, three, go!
[straining]
This is gonna be so great!
This is the answer.
What's the question?
I don't know yet.
But this is definitely
the answer.
Would you look at this?
Jamie poured flour in the dryer.
Now I get to wear a loaf
of bread to work tomorrow.
He destroys everything!
He is absolutely the worst kid
we have ever had!
Oh, you say that with every kid.
Let's face it, Lois.
It's just the hand
we were dealt.
God just doesn't like us.
That doesn't make
us bad people.
No, there's something
different with Jamie.
He's not like the other ones.
I'm telling you,
I can see it in his eyes.
Honey, calm down.
You know what will
make you feel better?
You take a look at him
while he's sleeping.
You know how cute he is,
with his tush
all squished up
in the air like that...
[squeaking]
[slamming]
[footsteps pattering]
-Did you see him?
-See who?
[crash]
-Thataway!
-We're in lockdown!
This door stays closed
till you hear
the all-clear call.
The perimeter's sealed.
He's not getting out this way.
My jewelry box!
Jamie, Mommy told you...
All right, Jamie,
you've had your fun.
Now it's time to give that back
to Mommy and go to sleep.
Jamie... I asked you
to give it to me!
Oh!
Would you look
at this thing?
It's amazing.
We've got to come
up with something
really great to do with it.
What if we tied mattresses to
ourselves and jumped off it?
Nah. We could do
that off the roof.
We could launch mannequins
into the Prestons' Jacuzzi.
Uh-uh. It's not
good enough.
We could get a squirrel to dive
off it into a cup of water.
Not good enough.
Not for her.
Not this old beauty.
Well, how about if we
got a vat of Jell-O...
No! It's not good enough!
I got it!
We take a dog,
tie him to a bicycle...
No! It's just
not good enough!
[vehicle pulling up]
Mom's home early!
[door slamming open]
You do not pinch,
you do not poke,
you do not bite,
you do not spit,
you do not eye-gouge,
you do not vomit
intentionally
on other babies!
A lifetime ban
from Gymboree!
A lifetime ban!
I can't believe it.
She didn't even
see the board.
This is a sign we were
meant to have this.
We were meant to do something
really, really great with you.
It'll come.
We just have to be patient.
[crying]
LOIS:
No!
This is Mommy's purse!
You can't have it!
Please,
it's the only thing
in the house that's Mommy's!
Lois...
Well, he has a million toys.
Why does he only want
to take mythings?
Honey, honey, you're taking
this too personally.
He doesn't understand
what he's doing.
He's just a baby.
Look, if you just
give it to him,
for just a couple
of minutes,
-he'll get tired of it.
-You're right.
I guess I was just feeling
that, if I gave in to him,
he'd see it as
a sign of weakness.
-I'm going to stop
this right now.
-Yeah.
Here, sweetie.
Mommy's purse.
You can have that for
five minutes, okay?
[liquid trickling]
I thought you said
he wasn't eating anything.
It's mocking us.
It's a ten-foot-tall springboard
that we got for free,
and we can't think
of a single thing
that's good enough
to do with it!
I bet it belonged
to some other family
that went crazy because
they couldn't come up
with anything to do with it.
They probably just
sat around, staring
at it for months,
until they finally snapped
and started eating each other.
Damn it, we're
better than this!
I know we are!
Remember that squashed groundhog
we found on the highway?
We came up with a hundred
things to do with that,
from the horrible
to the beautiful!
I miss Flatty.
Maybe we're just going
about this the wrong way.
We have to think
outside the box.
If you were
a diving board,
what would you want
someone to do with you?
Take me ice-skating.
Don't be an idiot.
That place is freezing,
and it's always so crowded.
Yeah, but they
have good hot dogs.
Those hot dogs suck
compared to the ones
at the train station.
Why would a diving board
want to go to a train station?
How should I know?
Maybe he wants
to visit a relative.
Okay! Okay!
Back in the box.
[sing-song]
Jamie doesn't have
to eat his peas anymore.
He can eat whatever he wants
because Mommy surrenders.
Mommy has a tiny pony for Jamie
who wants to hug him and
give him yummy candy corn...
[in baby voice]
Mmm! I'm delicious!
Is there a big boy
who could eat me?
[tinny kiddie music playing]
[clicks off music]
Gotcha, you little...
[loud creak]
DEWEY:
Jamie tries to kill Mom,
and we're the ones
who have to clean it up.
You want to tell me
how that's fair?
You gotta give
that kid some credit.
It's the closest any of us
actually ever came.
Yeah.
Jamie wasn't really
spawned by Satan, was he?
No. If he was, we'd have
a way better house.
You're the one, Jamie.
Show me the way!
There's a lot of
things I can handle.
A lot of things I've
managed to survive.
I'd even say I've thrived
where others would have
just thrown in the towel.
[soothingly]
Yes, honey, you certainly have.
Now, relax, and let
the bubbles do their work.
Soothing... sooth...
MALCOLM:
Dad, we finished...
I told you to stay the hell
away from this bathroom
until I said so!
This is a child-free zone
until further notice!
[gently]
Soothing... soothing...
You know what, Hal?
I'm done.
I give up.
What are you talking about?
Jamie wins. He beat me.
All those years,
all those terrible things
those kids have done--
it hasn't made me stronger--
it's just worn me down.
Like termites eating
away at a house
until all that's
holding it up is paint.
I'm just paint, Hal,
and Jamie knows it.
You'll do a better
job than I can.
I trust you.
No, no, no.
No, no, no!
You can't leave me
alone with those kids!
We had a deal, Lois!
You are in charge
of the spiritual
and emotional development,
discipline and scary injuries.
I kill spiders, mark their
heights on the door frames
and supply car snacks.
You walk out now and the
whole system falls apart!
I can't do it, Hal.
I don't want to.
I don't have it anymore.
I mean, it's normal, right?
People give up. They quit.
Lois, you listen to me.
No one is as good as you are.
You took those vicious
little fiends,
and you twisted and crushed them
into submission.
And you didn't do it
because you had to.
You did it because
you loved the game,
and it was beautiful!
I just don't have that anymore.
Honey, yes, you do.
I know you do.
You've just
lost your way a little.
You just need to think.
Think back to the first time
you found that spark.
There's got to be
some way to remember.
And I'm going
to help you.
So, here I am.
Dad said you needed
some help on something?
Francis, your father
and I are trying
to remember something,
and we really need your help.
We'd like you to think back
to your earliest memories.
What's this
all about?
Mind your own business.
Just do it, will ya?
You've got
to be kidding me.
My childhood was a nightmare!
I've spent the rest of my life
trying to board up
that haunted house.
Francis, this is important.
I really need
to remember something,
and I don't
know what it is.
But, please, you're the only one
who can help me.
My earliest memories...
It's kind of vague.
I remember we had
that apartment...
I remember it being
really colorful.
Come on, Francis, honey.
Please, won't
you eat anything?
We've tried the carrots,
and the peaches,
and the oatmeal,
the apples, huh?
Don't you like anything?
[blows raspberry]
Lois!
Would you like to know
what your son did
to my director's cut
of The Eyes of Laura Mars?
He also shaved a hole
in the carpet
with my new Norelco!
I'm sorry, Hal.
I asked him very nicely
not to play with it,
but he just wouldn't listen.
I can't get him
to do anything.
I've read Dr. Spock
and Piaget and Eisenberg,
and The Language of Hugs--
all these books.
Nothing's helping.
What he needs
is a little discipline.
I think he'd behave better
if he just ate something.
[voice breaking]
Look at him.
He's just wasting away.
I'm going to give him
another Hershey bar.
Lois, no! You can't keep
coddling him like this!
I am sick and tired of always
having to be the bad cop
because you're constantly
giving in to him.
Okay, Hal, I'll try.
You keep saying that,
and then you do it again!
I'm going to be tougher
with him. I promise.
Huh. It's weird.
I just have this vague feeling
of you actually being
a good mother.
I hate you!
I hate you, I hate you!
Reese, this is crazy.
You've been staring
at that damn thing
for four days.
We're getting rid of it.
No! Wait!
I finally have an idea.
-What is it?
-I'll have it in a second!
Just wait!
It's over, Reese.
Once the board's gone, things
should go back to normal.
Did you know that the Newmans
put a statue of a naked guy
on their front lawn a week ago?
We should be ashamed
of ourselves.
No! We are not
getting rid of this!
Reese, what
is the big deal?
What is so special
about this board?
I think it's my last time.
Last time for what?
For anything stupid
and reckless and fun.
Maybe it's because
I'm almost 18 now,
but lately I've been hearing
this voice in my head that says,
"That's dangerous.
That's stupid.
You're gonna hurt yourself."
And the old voice--
the one that says,
"This is fun. Do it anyways.
They'll figure out
how to save you."--
it just gets quieter
and quieter.
Pretty soon I won't be able
to hear it at all.
But before it dies,
I want to say good-bye to it
the right way.
We'll give it
the best send-off
any crazy voice
could ever ask for.
I'd do it for mine.
Right around the time
I was starting to walk,
there was some kind of...
Uh...
I don't know. Let's stop.
I want to stop.
Honey, please, keep going.
You can't stop now.
No! I don't want to.
We've been sitting here
for five hours.
Why are we doing this, anyway?
Francis, please.
I think we're really close.
Just one more time.
Well... I kind of remember
that Frisbee game
we used to play...
Okay, honey.
Maybe we'll eat later.
Lois, did you see what he did
in there?
He used my tennis racket
to smash my camera
and all my lenses to bits!
I still had film in it
from the US Festival!
Where is he?
Hal, it's not his fault!
I'm pretty sure
he's working through
a limitation-anxiety phase.
All the literature says this is
the age where he's trying...
You cannot undermine me every
time I try to discipline him!
I can't help it.
He's so small and helpless.
I can't take any more of this!
It is tearing
our marriage apart!
For his own good,
you have got to buckle down!
Do you understand me, Lois?
You have to find some way
to be this boy's mother!
Hello, Dr. Sachs.
It's Lois again.
I know I just called, but...
my husband yelled at me again
about being stricter
with Francis,
and I wanted to know
if you could write me a note
saying that yelling at him
could damage his psyche?
It's such a tender time
for Francis.
He's so fragile and unformed
and I just want to make sure
I get it right,
but everything I do feels wrong.
If this is all supposed
to be so natural,
why can't I get this?
[sobbing]
I love him so much
and I want to be a good mother
and I know I have
to be stronger, but I just
don't think
I can look in his eyes
and not give him what he wants.
He has such a sweet little face,
and he's so innocent.
I'm going
to have to call you back.
Fire... is... dangerous.
Fire can hurt you.
Fire can kill you.
I will not let that happen.
Let me make one thing clear.
I love you, and I will do
whatever I have to
to take care of you,
and keep you safe
and happy and alive.
I don't care if you
grow up to hate me,
but you will understand this:
I will... do... anything.
That is how much I love you.
Yes. That's right.
It's coming back to me;
that sense of strength
and power and purpose.
I finally knew who I was,
and what I was born to be.
Honey, you're back!
BOTH:
Oh!
I knew you could do it!
[blubbering]
Mr. Fuzzles!
[sobbing]
Thank you, Francis.
You can go now.
What? What is it?
We've got something for you.
Dewey and I finally came up
with something good enough
for that insane voice
in your head.
Here. Put
this on first.
Roman candles?
Well, that's how
they started off.
We decided to give 'em
a little more... oomph.
Do you care if you keep
your eyebrows?
-Hell, no!
-Okay, the fuse is timed
for 20 seconds.
You're gonna light it,
and then get up on the board
and jump.
The rockets should kick in
around there.
They won't give you
any momentum,
but they will ignite that.
Hopefully, you will land
in that kiddie pool.
We think that's got
a 50-50 shot
of putting you out.
If the roof
doesn't collapse.
Or ignite.
And it's all
gonna be caught
on that video camera.
It has a direct feed
to the Internet.
You're the featured page
on GiantJackass.com.
This is more than anything
I could have ever asked for.
Nobody deserves it
more than you.
[screams]
Should I get the hose?
Not yet.
He would've wanted
us to wait.
Good boy.
You finished all your peas!
Hey, slugger.
Guess what.
The clinic called.
They said my ass
was a perfect match
for your hand.
They can start
the skin grafts next week.
[chuckles]
Reese, what do you think
you're doing?
What? He loves the stuff.
He goes through three
or four cans a day.
I don't know how he does it.
Half a can makes me nuts.
Captioned by Post Haste Digital